JP-3527 Update to docs for IFU outlier detection (#8360)
spacetelescope/jwst: CHANGES.rst

- Reorganized ``jump`` and ``ramp_fitting`` step docs content that's split between
  the jwst and stcal repos. [#8253]

> - Updated ``outlier_detection`` for IFU data to explain the method clearer. [#8360]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated ``outlier_detection`` for IFU data to explain the method more clearly. [#8360]
```
